Database URL Hosting and Overriding (#378)
LLNL/Surfactant: docs/external_databases.md

> # Command Line Override for Database Sources
> 
> In addition to the configuration file (`database_sources.toml`), Surfactant supports overriding database URLs directly through the command line. This feature allows users to set custom database URLs without needing to modify the configuration files manually.
> 
> ## Command for Overriding Database URLs
> 
> Use the following command to override the URL for a specific database category and library:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Pattern Database Sources

Surfactant supports external configuration for pattern database URLs via a central TOML file. This file is hosted on [ReadTheDocs](https://surfactant.readthedocs.io/en/latest/external_databases.html) and enables maintainers to update database source URLs independently of a new Surfactant release. The file can be found in the [Surfactant git repository](https://github.com/LLNL/Surfactant/blob/main/docs/database_sources.toml), and when running Surfactant from an editable install the copy of the file in your local source code checkout will be used (and can be modified).

## Command for Overriding Database URLs

Surfactant supports overriding database URLs directly through the command line. This feature allows users to set custom database URLs without needing to modify the configuration files manually.

Use the following command to override the URL for a specific database category and library:
```

```bash
surfactant config sources.<category>.<library> <new_url>
```

Example Usage

To override the URL for the retirejs library in the js_library_patterns category, use the following command:

```bash
surfactant config sources.js_library_patterns.retirejs https://new-url.com
```

This will update the database URL in Surfactant’s runtime configuration file, which will take precedence over any values in database_sources.toml.

Precedence Order:

>     1. Command Line Override (surfactant config override-db-url <category.library> <new_url>) — Highest precedence.
> 
>     2. docs/database_sources.toml — Secondary source for database URLs.
> 
>     3. Hardcoded URLs in the Source Code — Last fallback option if no URL is provided through the command line or configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Command Line Override (surfactant config override-db-url <category.library> <new_url>) — Highest precedence

    2. docs/database_sources.toml — Only used when running Surfactant from an editable install from a clone of the git repo (e.g. developers adding features to Surfactant)
    
    3. ReadTheDocs hosted database_sources.toml — Most common source for the URLs, for the typical user

    4. Hardcoded URLs in the Source Code — Last fallback option if no URL is provided through the command line or configuration file
```
